Azure Active Directory Identity: added test-module handling for client_credentials mode (#27462)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftGraphIdentityandAccess/ReleaseNotes/1_2_22.md

#### Integrations
##### Azure Active Directory Identity And Access

> - add support in the test module for client_credentials mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the test button did not work with the client credentials flow. 
```
wdyt?
